.TH WAFW00F "8" "October 2020" "wafw00f " "User Commands"
.SH NAME
WAFW00F \- Identify and fingerprint Web Application Firewall products
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wafw00f \fI\,url1 \/\fR[\fI\,url2 \/\fR[\fI\,url3 \/\fR... ]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP
The Web Application Firewall Identification and Fingerprinting Tool.
.TP
.TP
To do its magic, WAFW00F does the following:
Sends a normal HTTP request and analyses the response; this identifies a number of WAF solutions.
If that is not successful, it sends a number of (potentially malicious) HTTP requests and uses simple logic to deduce which WAF it is.
If that is also not successful, it analyses the responses previously returned and uses another simple algorithm to guess if a WAF or security solution is active>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show available options.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Enable verbosity \- multiple \fB\-v\fR options increase verbosity.
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-findall\fR
Find all WAFs, do not stop testing on the first one.
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-noredirect\fR
Do not follow redirections given by 3xx responses.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR WAF, \fB\-\-test\fR=\fI\,WAF\/\fR
Test for one specific WAF product.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR OUTPUT, \fB\-\-output\fR=\fI\,OUTPUT\/\fR
Write output to csv, json or text file depending on file extension. For stdout, specify - as filename.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR INPUT, \fB\-\-input\fR=\fI\,INPUT\/\fR
Read targets from a file. Input format can be csv, json or text. For csv and json, a `url` column name or element is required.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR
List all the WAFs that WAFW00F is able to detect.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR PROXY, \fB\-\-proxy\fR=\fI\,PROXY\/\fR
Use an HTTP proxy to perform requests, example: http://hostname:8080, socks5://hostname:1080.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print out the version.
.TP
\fB\-H\fR FILE, \fB\-\-headers\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Pass custom headers, for example to overwrite the default user\-agent string.
.SH AUTHORS
Sandro Gauci (@SandroGauci)
.br
Pinaki Mondal (@0xInfection)
.SH REPORTING BUGS
You can report bugs at the project homepage issue tracker: <https://github.com/EnableSecurity/wafw00f/issues/>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2009-2020 WAFW00F Developers. License: BSD 3-Clause <https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to modify and distribute under the terms as permitted by the license provided alongwith.
.SH SEE ALSO
Full documentation is available at: <https://github.com/EnableSecurity/wafw00f/wiki/>.
.PP
